Updated per DOCS-7535 (#305)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/anypoint-platform-cli.adoc

== Prerequisites

> * Download and install NodeJS and NPM (Node package manager) on your system.

Reviewer: I searched NPM for addition to the Term List and found that most references are similar to "npm (originally short for Node Package Manager)," npm is a command-line tool for interacting with a huge repository of Node.js projects.," "npm is a package manager for Node.js"....
So...it looks like we should be standardizing on "npm" (node package manager) and "Node.js." Do you disagree?

+
See the https://nodejs.org/en/download/[NodeJS download page].

> * Download and install the Git version management system on your system.

Reviewer: To avoid repetition of "system"....
```suggestion
* Download and install Git version management on your system.
```

+
See the https://git-scm.com/downloads[Git download site].

== Installation

Depending on the configuration of your system, you might need to run these commands using administrator credentials.

[source,text,linenums]
----
$ npm install -g anypoint-cli@latest
----

> If the installation command fails with the following error, make sure that the Git client is installed on your computer and the git protocol is not blocked by your firewall or network:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the installation command fails with the following error, ensure that the Git client is installed on your computer and the git protocol is not blocked by your firewall or network:
```
